## Read list

* [ ] Chapter 10 of *Advanced Programming in the UNIX Environment*


## Differences between `SIGKILL`, `SIGTERM`, `SIGINT`, `SIGQUIT`, `SIGTSTP` and `SIGHUP`

### `SIGKILL` (9)

* Terminates a process immediately.
* This signal **cannot** be handled, ignored or blocked.

### `SIGTERM` (15)

* Terminates a process immediately.
* This signal can be handled, ignored or caught in code.
* If the signal is not caught by a process, the process is killed.
* This is used for graceful termination of a process.
* The default behavior of the `kill` is `SIGTERM`.

### `SIGINT` (2)

* Interrupts a process.
* The default action is to terminate gracefully.
* This signal can be handled, ignored or caught in code.
* Can be sent from a terminal as input characters.
* This is the signal generated when a user presses `Ctrl+C`.

### `SIGQUIT` (3)

* Terminates a process.
* Generates a core dump of the process and also cleans up resources held up by
  a process.
* This signal can be handled, ignored or caught in code.
* Can also be sent from the terminal as input characters.
* This is the signal generated when a user presses `Ctrl+\`.

### `SIGTSTP` (20)

* Suspends a process.
* Since it does not terminate the process, the process can be resumed by
  sending a `SIGCONT` signal.
* Most applications don't handle this signal. Interactive shells usually do
  all the work required to handle them.
* This signal can be generated by pressing `Ctrl+Z`.

### `SIGHUP` (1)

* Hangs up a process when the controlling terminal is disconnected.
* A process has to explicitly handle this signal for it to work. You can take
  a look at [`hup.py`](hup.py) to see how it can be handled in Python:

  ```sh
  # Run the program.
  $ python3 hup.py
  # Create a separate terminal and send the signal.
  $ kill -HUP <PID of hup.py>
  ```
* This signal can be handled, ignored or caught in code.
* This is the signal generated when a user presses `Ctrl+D`.

[Reference](http://programmergamer.blogspot.com/2013/05/clarification-on-sigint-sigterm-sigkill.html)
